Upside Senior Software Engineer I Job Opening
https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/upside/79ae060f-af32-4ca5-881f-8abe3a561801?utm_source=k1QD2lD9mR

Meet Upside:

We created Upside to transform brick-and-mortar commerce. Our technology uses the sophistication of online retail—profit measurement, attribution, and incrementality—to provide users with more value on their everyday purchases and brick-and-mortar businesses with new, profitable customers. We’ve helped millions of users earn 2 to 3 times more cashback than any other product, and hundreds of thousands of brick-and-mortar businesses earn measurable profit. Billions of dollars in commerce run through the Upside platform every year, and that value goes directly back to our retailer partners, the consumers they serve, and important sustainability initiatives.

About the role:

At Upside, engineers are expected to gather the right context from those around them and take thoughtful, calculated risks. By doing so, we help our teams move quickly and make informed decisions that lead to high quality software and delightful user experiences.

We're looking for engineers who are curious about the “why” behind what we build, and strive to understand the bigger picture so they can make better technical choices. We value individuals who seek out opportunities to improve our systems and deliver real business impact through their work. We embrace change and foster open conversations to help ideas evolve and grow.

Here are some ways we have seen engineers drive impact at Upside:

    Help cultivate a collaborative and safe environment. You can speak up to name problems, which will invite conversations that will then drive solutions.

    Learn and innovate on the ways we can improve our system. You are able to hone in on gaps in quality, security, performance, and speed of execution and generate buy-in to raise those bars.

    Partner deeply with cross functional teams. Whether it’s aligning with marketing on experimentation, enabling better personalization with data science, or integrating feedback from designers, you are proactive in surfacing insights and turning them into technical action.

    Drive quality through documentation. You record your decisions, communicate tradeoffs, and ensure others can build upon your work.

    Set clear expectations on delivery. We all understand that plans change. You focus on setting an accurate and achievable goal from the start, and then keeping close alignment with key partners when milestones shift.


Why You Should Apply:

Engineers come in many different shapes and sizes. I thought it would be helpful to highlight what I’m looking for on my team. This role is a good fit for you if:

    You aren’t afraid to challenge the status quo when it makes the team and business better. You learn from those around you while utilizing data to advocate for informed change.

    You thrive at the intersection of systems and storytelling. Whether enabling personalized messaging, tracking the customer journey, or refining attribution, you bring empathy for both data producers and consumers—and build solutions that empower others to experiment, iterate, and act confidently.

    You care about building resilient systems that scale. You bring a mindset of continuous improvement, and know when to invest in observability, automation, or new infrastructure to reduce toil and improve outcomes for the team and end users.

    You believe that pulling quality upstream starts with engineering. You champion best practices, encourage early testing and validation, and work closely with peers to build a culture of quality from the ground up.


Engineering Culture:
We want our engineers to have the time and support to grow in their craft and contribute meaningfully to impactful technical decisions. Engineers are encouraged to focus deeply on their work, collaborate effectively with team members, and continuously develop their skills. Teams are thoughtfully staffed to create a dynamic and diverse environment that enhances learning and innovation.


Technology Stack:
We don’t require them all, but love those that have experience in or are interested in learning:

Python, Java, Snowflake, DBT, AWS (including API Gateway, Lambda, DynamoDB, Cloudwatch, EventBridge), and Github Actions. Our application development focuses on Kotlin Multi-Platform, Compose Multi-Platform, and React. We also leverage numerous AI tools, including OpenAI, AWS Bedrock, and Github Copilot.


Ideal qualifications:

    A proven ability or desire to apply generative AI across the SDLC (from ideation and design to coding, testing, and release) to boost velocity and quality.

    Fluency with modern SQL-based data platforms such as Snowflake, Databricks, BigQuery, or Redshift, and experience working with python-based orchestration tools like Airflow or Dagster to build scalable, reliable data workflows.

    Experience with customer data platforms (CDPs) such as Segment.


