webAI Software Engineer - Runtime
https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/webAI/1bf79325-38cf-4aa3-9d5d-5a35654b7b70

About Us: We are establishing the first distributed AI infrastructure dedicated to personalized AI. The evolving needs of a data-driven society are demanding scalability and flexibility. We believe that the future of AI is distributed and enables real-time data processing at the edge, closer to where data is generated. We are building a future where a company's data and IP remains private and it's possible to bring large models directly to consumer hardware without removing information from the model.

About the Role: As a Software Engineer on the Runtime team, you will contribute to designing, building, and optimizing the core systems that power our services. You'll work on high-performance runtime components, helping ensure they are scalable, reliable, and efficient under heavy workloads. Working closely with senior engineers and cross-functional partners, you will help build our runtime platform and contribute to delivering a seamless experience for end users.

Key Responsibilities:

    Implement and maintain systems for both local air-gapped systems as well as customer distributed deployments

    Contribute to new features through robust backwards compatible updates that impact all of webAI's customers and products

    Learn and contribute to our evolving knowledge base, architecture, processes and systems, bringing fresh perspectives while learning from experienced team members

    Support critical systems that directly influence the company's ability to deliver AI-powered products and services

Qualifications:

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent work experience

    2+ years of experience in backend engineering, or recent graduate with strong internship/project experience

    Proficiency in Go or strong willingness to learn Go quickly

    Exposure to or interest in messaging systems such as MQTT, Kafka, Nats

    Basic understanding of deployment pipelines and CI/CD processes, with eagerness to learn custom deployment strategies

We at webAI are committed to living out the core values we have put in place as the foundation on which we operate as a team. We seek individuals who exemplify the following:

    Truth - Emphasizing transparency and honesty in every interaction and decision.

    Ownership - Taking full responsibility for one’s actions and decisions, demonstrating commitment to the success of our clients.

    Tenacity - Persisting in the face of challenges and setbacks, continually striving for excellence and improvement.

    Humility - Maintaining a respectful and learning-oriented mindset, acknowledging the strengths and contributions of others.
